<h1>The First Post</h1>
<p>It's the most wonderful time of the year!
Welcome to my BLOG. Here's what I did today: first of all, I don't think I slept last night because I had caffiene accidentally at 3PM after not having drank coffee in many weeks. So, after laying in the dark with my eyes closed for many hours, I got up at 4AM, had some coffee (lol), and had some delicious overnight oats. Immediately I thought wow this would be really good with some honey and peanut butter. So, when I get some money, I'll go to the grocery store and buy the rawest honey I can find as well as the cleanest peanut butter I can find. Then, I will whisk the honey in warm water until fully dissolved and then add a leetle bit of peanut butter at a time and whisk vigorously until it is the desired consistency and then I'll put that in my over night oats. Otherwise, they were delicious. Then, I made my first guacamole by "dicing" a red onion and garlic and cilantro (no jalapenyos :( ). The red onions were absolutely huge and so I have a bunch left in my (mini)fridge - not to mention the other one I bought. After I made that, and cleaned up of course, I coded for a couple hours trying to build a system which would read text files from a directory and print them onto the blog in reverse chronological order. That's the plan at least. Finally, after 5 hours, with some breaks of course, I got the JS to read a text file (string) in HTML and print it as the mark-up language directs. Great success! This, however, required that I select the file from which the script reads. So my next task is to automate the process upon loading the screen. In other interesting news, I ripped the braces off of my teeth with pliers (look it up) and made a delicious meal for my housemate Rose and myself. Egg and chorizo cooked in bacon fat, cilantro lime rice with cumin, guacamole, bacon, and sour cream - delicious. Now that my braces are off I can finally start practicing trumpet again. I tried doing so but my chops are weak as hell so I have to build them up over a week until I can really start practicing. Now I'm feeling like I need a magnesium pill. Also, I really like to eat food so I want to eat some more but I don't think I will. What I really think I need is some sleep but I need to soldier on until 8:00PM for my circadian rhythm. There ain't much like a well deserved good night's sleep. Okay that's all for now.</p>
<h4>12/19/2020</h4>